You can also use for each loop's with the map and it's a little more similar or it maps more closely
to the pun to the For Each loop on an array.
So the first argument you pass in is going to be the value of the next position in the array.
And then the key is going to be the second argument and then the third one is going to be the actual
map that you're looping through.
So we make a new rank will do let.
Map equals new map like so and we might start it off with some values so will pass in an array and then
another array will be name Andrew and then another array to do age set that equal to 45.
Then after that we can just loop through it.
So we'll do a map for each and then we can do an arrow function if we want to.
And then aside from that we get these three arguments so the first one is going to be the value.
Second one is going to be the key and the third one is going to be the actual map itself.
So we'll do map owner and inside of here we can do a canceled log so we'll do a console log.
You can do a template literal if we want to and we'll do let's say the same thing with the before value
and then a space in the key.
And then after that we'll go down a line and we'll do a comparison to see if the map is equal to the
map over which it will be.
And then we'll go down a line and we'll do a life's little bar to separate them out.
After that we should be good to go.
So now if we run this you'll see that Prince Andrew and the name and then true and then 45 which is
the key or maps to the key age and it's still true comparison right here.
So this differs slightly from the way that you would loop through an array in that it loops through
them in the order in which they were inserted into the map.
So that's why it shows you name first and then age because first the name key was inserted and then
after that the age was inserted.
So that's the order in which it will loop through this map versus an array which is where it maps from
the zero into see all the way to the last one in the array.